what's going on the desk ruffle here and
I do apologize for not uploading
yesterday i figured i would not upload
today because i'm kind of i feel kind of
off but you know i have some gameplay
lying around on the good old hard drive
and i decided to make a comment here
because i'm bored so i hope you guys had
a good weekend I had a really nice
weekend nice weekend got some college
shit to do next week you know a bunch of
stuff that I don't want to do but you
know due to a mishap with my classes I
have to get that shit done and it's the
last week of my break because I go back
to college not this monday but next
Monday so next week and um and yeah
that's it show is starting again the
title of this video is very simple rage
quit this is another one of those games
where I failed to get 60 kills still
pretty nice score obviously I want to
show you guys um I jumped in some hard
point you know some mercenary playlist
or whatever jumped on hard point it's a
very good game mode to get high scoring
game plays and this mode happened to
turn up and yeah I went to town so this
video's about five minutes at the end I
just stay still because I just went idle
I didn't even feel like playing because
everybody just rage quit everybody wage
good and I know that you know getting
pounded on by killstreaks it's not fun
it isn't I rage quit you rage quit
everybody rage quits we all have those
moments but 99.7 percent of the time
when I rage quit I have a good reason i
rarely rage quit when i get pummeled by
killstreaks I really I'm just gonna stay
you know inside a house or something
like the killstreaks pass and yeah
that's it and then go go ahead and stop
the person from acquiring another kill
streak but then again if there's a you
know a person on the opposite team
you're gonna have a hard time when I'm
on the opposite team excuse me you're
gonna have a hard time getting
killstreaks because obviously if you're
a decent player whatever you can stop
that person from acquiring killstreaks
so i guess ninety percent of the time
99.7 as i said all the time when I rage
quit it's either due to the connection
or I fucking despise joining games that
are already in progress and I'm just OCD
like that and you know I hear enemy VTOL
warship incoming dogs and coming I'm
like nope see you later so I'm trying to
find a good lobby but more often than
not when I'm just bored when I set
myself a goal even when I'm like 20 and
0 and I'm like okay I'm not gonna reach
my goal and i'm not talking about 60
plus it just personal goals may be
getting a camo or getting something
something or other i'm just gonna quit
cuz i'm gonna i'm i get bored very very
fast on call of duty and not to say that
call to use a bad game it's a boring
game because it's not it's fun it's fun
to poop on kids you know online and then
hear them squeak in their lobby is
saying that i'm a hacker I'm a cheater
whatever looks fun but I just get bored
when I don't acquire don't achieve my
goal so this is why I rage good so let's
sum this up I hate joining games that
are already in progress I think we can
all agree on that I hate you know just
being bored and not a not achieving my
goal and of course connection if there's
a connection the dude clearly should
have been outplayed by me but he wasn't
um I'm just gonna quit because I I wanna
have a good time on black ops 2 and for
the most part I play solo so you guys
know how it is so at this point in the
game the game is connecting people into
the lobby so I've I thought to myself
wow this is gonna be very easy 660 plus
but turn out out otherwise so I want to
ask you guys when do you rage quit
because I know you guys were aged good i
know you guys rage quit and it's fine if
you tell me you Rachel when you get
pummeled by killstreaks no problem
that's fine um I really honestly just
just tell me just be honest tell me in
the comments section below and just a
little bit on hard point very fun game
mode I actually didn't want to give it a
chance I'm a very old school call of
duty type of player first person shooter
you know team deathmatch free-for-all
domination whatever those are the staple
game modes are something like
headquarters are fucking amazing some
like hard point is really nice Kill
Confirmed is really nice they don't want
to give those game modes a chance as you
guys saw but you know what playing this
mercenary playlist or just in general
hopping and
a game of high point or headquarters
pretty damn fun pretty damn fun so yeah
so again I want to ask you guys when did
you rage quit I mean again I don't blame
the enemy team for I guess we're
quitting because of my wart hog and in
the lodestar whatever shit happens shit
happens it was their chose to rage quit
that's fine but you know the game didn't
connect more people inside you know into
the lobby so what are you gonna do but
anyway the game is wrapping up over here
this is my second lodestar believe I'd
like to speed those lodestones out
because the same crap over and over and
over again I have no idea how how I
didn't kill that guy if you guys can go
back and tell me maybe I had a pole or
something I don't know ah but yeah
that's kind of my ramble I guess sunday
night ramble just to just to win the day
they just do and yet just to end the day
I'm gonna grab some coffee and do some
editing or whatever but a tough week
ahead tough week ahead tougher week two
weeks from now so I just gotta get
prepared for that as you guys can see 47
and three is the final score everybody
rage quit and I'm out so i will see you
guys next time if you feel like it leave
a like and a comment and by